Mic: Eleanor, come on in
Mic: Hi Eleanor, I'm Michael, how are you today?
El: I'm Great! Thanks for asking.
El: Uh, one question. Where am I? Who're you? And, what's going on?
Mic: Right! So, you Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead. Your life on earth is ended and you're now in the next phase in your existence in the universe.
El: Cool, cool. I have some questions...
Mic: Through you might.
El: How did I die? I don't remember.
Mic: Yes, yeah... In cases of traumatic or embarrasing deaths, we erase the memory to allow for a peaceful transition.
Mic: Are you sure you wanna hear?...
El: [She nodded yes]
Mic: All right, so, you were in a grocery store parking lot.
Mic: You dropped a bottle of something called, "Lonely Gal Margarita Mix for One".
Mic: And when you bent down to pick it up, a long column of shopping carts, were being returned to the shopping cart collection area rolled out of control and plowed right into you.
El: Oof. That's how I die.
Mic: No, sorry, there's more.
Mic: You were able to grab on to the front of the column of shopping carts, 
Mic: but it's swept you right out into the street where you were struck and killed by a mobile billboard truck advertising "an erectile dysfunction pill called 'Engorge-ulate'"".
Mic: Funnily enough, the first EMT to arrive was an ex-boyfriend of yours--
El: Okay, that's... I get it, thank you.
El: So, who is right... I mean about... all of this?
Mic: Well, let's see. Hindus are a little bit right, Muslims a little bit. Jews, Christians, Buddhists, every religion guessed about 5%, except for Doug Forcett.
El: Who's Doug Forcett?
Mic: Well, Doug was a stoner kid who lived in Calgary during the 1970s.
Mic: One night, he got really high on mushrooms, and his best friend, Randy said:...
Mic: "Hey, what do you think happens after we die?
Mic: And Doug just launched into this long monologue where he got like 92% correct.
Mic: I mean... We could'nt belive what we were hearing.
Mic: That's him, actually, right up there.
Mic: He's pretty famous around here.

